Young Master Yan, you are here.
I have seen Mr. Yan
I thought you had three heads and six arms
Can make Xueying like you
So that's all there is to it.
You are Yue Yi's son
Yue Yi
Do you know him?
Ah, I heard Aunt Yue say earlier
And a son in foster care with an aunt
Never met
I didn't expect it to be a playground
How dare you talk to Young Master Yan like this?
Hey
Shameless
Polite to be polite is
Since you know my mother
Then do you know who my sister is and who your sister is?
Does it have anything to do with you?
Today's ivy feast
It's for my sister
Can Young Master Yan say this?
Because today my sister is going to be canonized as Tianfu
And this Xuanyuan sword was a congratulatory gift from the Qing army
I see
I see.
The throne of the Heavenly King is indeed the God of War Yan of Nicheng
Red Flag
Sir, you are so crazy
Your sister knows
If he knew and indulged you so much
Then he is afraid that he will not get the throne of the king tonight
Danger
You are courting death